sorry why your father couldn't jump
women now dog
okay see that's what room does did heard
a thousand head yet but I've had to
learn about to have a problem
these juvenile are rich
so how can have a picture it happy my
strawberry mommy
yeah don't know what you're good at what
you do what is moving sideways wanna
leave it don't that's what it know when
dobashi
yeah
how has a month addressed the time ha ha
sadly today no I just went over my house
when I was old
I was so glad someone homeless gee I do
but I did ha dooba handle uh how long
skips are every guy Vince a better guy
right we're gonna be nothing Majan it
why was a bitch with a mob rule to apply
- yes yes that's what I get here and the
serenity lesson I blame your easily per
person my way another movie it's become
my son's the keyed up so all the videos
are our minute guys
right okay so cross results obtained
video lesson equitable remedies or
commit come on Jordy okay seek a spot